Yes, so the question was,
there was a string here
at the bottom that started
with the character f.
Are there any other types of special
strings like that in Python?
Yeah, you might see r,
which stands for a regular expression.
You might see b, which is a bite string.
There are a few others that I can't
remember off the top of my head but
pretty easy to look up.
>> Import requests,
it says my request module is missing.
>> That's because the request library
is not part of Python Standard Library.
So everything that comes with the Python
installation when you pull it down.
So in order to get this code to work,
you're going to have to install
the request library with a different
tool that we'll talk about later.
Out and I think I misspoke earlier.
If you see an art here,
it's generally used for
regular expressions, but
it symbolizes a raw string.
So when you're writing
regular expressions,
you might not want to do a lot of escaping
like you would in a normal string.
So it's just formatted
a little bit differently.
Not something you see much unless you
are working with regular expressions.